Feat: Add consumer group examples to ACL plugin docs. (#6773)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/acl/overview/_index.md

---

Restrict access to a service or a route by adding consumers to allowed or
denied lists using arbitrary ACL groups. This plugin requires an [authentication plugin](/hub/#authentication)
(such as [Basic Authentication](/hub/kong-inc/basic-auth/), [Key Authentication](/hub/kong-inc/key-auth/),
[OAuth 2.0](/hub/kong-inc/oauth2/) or [OpenID Connect](/hub/kong-inc/openid-connect/)) to have been already
enabled on the service or route.

> You can also enable the usage of `consumer-groups` by setting the config option `include_consumer_groups` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can also enable the usage of consumer groups by setting the config option [`include_consumer_groups`](/hub/kong-inc/acl/configuration/#include_consumer_groups) to `true`.
```

> This option will not only take the `ACL groups` but also the (Consumer Groups(link to page)) into consideration when evaluating
> the `allow/deny` fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option lets {{site.base_gateway}} take both ACL groups and consumer groups into consideration when evaluating the `allow` and `deny` fields.
```

---

Restrict access to a service or a route by adding consumers to allowed or
denied lists using arbitrary ACL groups. This plugin requires an [authentication plugin](/hub/#authentication)
(such as [Basic Authentication](/hub/kong-inc/basic-auth/), [Key Authentication](/hub/kong-inc/key-auth/),
[OAuth 2.0](/hub/kong-inc/oauth2/) or [OpenID Connect](/hub/kong-inc/openid-connect/)) to have been already
enabled on the service or route.

> You can also enable the usage of consumer groups by setting the config option [`include_consumer_groups`](/hub/kong-inc/acl/configuration/#include_consumer_groups) to `true`.
> This option lets {{site.base_gateway}} take both ACL groups and consumer groups into consideration when evaluating the `allow` and `deny` fields.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_plugin_version gte:3.6.x %}
You can also enable the usage of consumer groups by setting the config option [`include_consumer_groups`](/hub/kong-inc/acl/configuration/#include_consumer_groups) to `true`.
This option lets {{site.base_gateway}} take both ACL groups and consumer groups into consideration when evaluating the `allow` and `deny` fields.
{% endif_plugin_version %}
```

* [Basic configuration example](/hub/kong-inc/acl/how-to/basic-example/)
* [Learn how to use the plugin](/hub/kong-inc/acl/how-to/)
* [ACME plugin API reference](/hub/kong-inc/acl/api/)

> * [Examples](/hub/kong-inc/acl/how-to/examples/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Using ACLs with consumer groups](/hub/kong-inc/acl/how-to/consumer-groups/)
```
